# Content

- ```app_cpp```: C++ Qt5 UI app.
- ```app_py```: Python UI app utilizing the custom Python module.
- ```app_py_cmdl```: Python UI app utilizing the command line tool.
- ```cmake```: CMake utilities.
- ```cmdl```: Command line tool *title_case*.
- ```cmdl_file```: Command line tool *title_case_files*.
- ```cmdl_interactive```: Command line tool *title_case_console*.
- ```docker```: Utility files for container creation.
- ```dynamic_lib```: A dynamic library. 
- ```dynamic_lib_app_py```: A Python UI app using the dynamic library.
- ```header```: C++ ```constexpr``` header file containing the basic functionality.
- ```lib```: Static C++ library.
- ```lib_c```: Static C library.
- ```lib_resources```: Documentation and example project for the C++ library.
- ```py```: Python module.
- ```rust_cmdl```: A Rust command line tool.
- ```script_compiler```: Compiler that converts a script written in the custom language to bytecode that can be executed by the runtime.
- ```script_console```: Interactive console that allows users to enter and execute scripts in the custom language.
- ```script_converter```: Command line tool to generate Phython code or C++ code from a given custom language script.
- ```script_ide```: Integrated development environment for the script interpreter.
- ```script_interpreter```: Interpreter that reads and executes script files written in the custom language.
- ```script_lib```: Static library that provides definitions for the custom programming language, such as data types, functions, and other language constructs.
- ```script_resources```: Collection of resources to test script tools.
- ```script_runtime```:  Runtime that executes the bytecode generated by the compiler.
- ```test_cmdl_file```: Resources to test the *title_case_files* tool.
- ```test_dynamic_lib```: Unit test for the dynamic library.
- ```test_header```: Compile time unit test.
- ```test_lib```: Unit test for the static C++ library.
- ```test_lib_c```: Unit test for the static C library.
- ```test_package```: Test resources for the conan package.
- ```test_py```: Unit test for the Python module.
- ```test_script```: Collection of unit tests for the script library.
- ```web```: Web app source and resources.
- ```webassembly```: WebAssembly source and resources.
